hi Marc Gill here for the miracle peeler
the new dual blade peeler that
effortlessly peels on one side and
easily Julie ends on the other watch the
ultra sharp healing blades work in both
directions slicing your prep time in
half peel just a thin layer of skin from
potatoes and veggies with no waste
quickly and easily peeled eggplant in
seconds even peel carrots in both
directions that's twice the peeling and
half the time then with a simple flip
julienne carrots the tapa salads for
julienne zucchini for healthy veggie
noodles the secret is the dual German
quality stainless steel blades that
effortlessly peel veggies on one side
and easily juliennes on the other with a
non-slip rubberized script and blade so
sharp you can peel with just two fingers
so strong they can peel the skin of this
pineapple even butternut squash is no
match for the miracle peeler guarantees
and never dull tough enough to cut wood
yet precise enough to peel tomato skins
so thin you can read through it shred
cabbage for homemade coleslaw
you can even slice with miracle peeler
hard cheese soft cheese any cheese with
ease and it's dishwasher safe so call
now and start peeling and julienning the
easy way with miracle peeler and happy
and healthy recipe guide for just $10 as
a bonus you'll also get our mandolin
slicer attachment free just snap in the
miracle peeler and sliced carrots and
more directly into a bowl complete with
Bengie holder so you get the very last
slice slice potatoes for homemade chips
and more you can even slice toppings for
pizza pork slice onions for a quick
stir-fry but I'm not stopping there
everyone who orders today will get a
complete second miracle peeler set free
just pay additional processing and
handling and they're guaranteed to last
a lifetime you get it all - miracle
peelers with recipe guides - mandoline
slicer attachments with veggie holders
an amazing value for just ten dollars
but you've got a call now